The home page should start with a banner across the top with the name of the website: "GRAVITATIONAL WAVE CALCULATOR".

Across the left had side of the screen we want our various parameters. This may be a ways down the road, but we would like the boxes for each parameter to be able to autofill when the necessary other boxes are filled. I think this is something on Liam's end, but essentially: If someone puts in: Mass 1 and Mass 2, it should autofill the Total Mass and Mass Ratio (its just basic math of adding the two for Total Mass, and dividing them for the ratio). 

I think at the moment we are just calculating the gravitational wave strain, so just below the parameters there should be a button saying: "Calculate Gravitational Wave Strain"

These parameters should fill up majority of the page since that is mostly what we want it to say.

The "Calculate Gravitational Wave Strain" button should prompt a response to be filled into its corresponding box, but it should also pull up a note in the middle of the page that discusses what the Strain they got means. This specific content should be read:

"In a typical pulsar, the residual effect produced by the black hole binary you've entered is ____. 
The current PTA can detect deviations around 100ns, and in the future we expect to reach 10ns. If your number is very far below these, it is unlikely to be detectable by Pulsar Timing Array in the near future. Please also see the graphical output that shows the 
confidence with which we can rule out this gravitational wave source in the current data set 
 given its location on the sky."

At the bottom of the page should be the buttons that take them to the other pages on our web site:

We should have "Home", "Try Me - 3c66b source", "Try Me - Hypothetical Desireable Source", "Current Pulsar Maps", "Contact us", "How to Cite"

"Home" should be restoring them to the home page

"Try Me - 3c66b source" should be autofilling in the 3c66b input

"Try Me - Hypothertical Desireable Source" should be autofilling in the second set of input information

"Current Pulsar Maps" should take them to the page with the maps that Sarah Vigeland created and Liam is coding up.

"About us" should take them to a page with a link to NanoGrav and a brief description that I can write up later about Liam, myself, Andrea, and any other collaborators that we work with. It will probably have Andrea's email for questions just since Liam and I will sadly not be involved outside this year.

"How to Cite" should just bring up a little box with an APA citation for our page.


